README.md, before:

# Slim 3 Skeleton

This project is based on mrcoco/slim3-eloquent-skeleton which is forked from akrabat/slim3-skeleton that includes scaffold tool, migrations, auth, Twig, Flash messages, eloquent ORM and Monolog.

## Create your project:

    $ composer create-project -n -s dev tfoarulz/slim3-eloquent-skeleton my-app

### Run it:

1. `$ cd my-app`
2. `$ cp app\settings.php.dist app\settings'
3. Change database setting `app\settings.php`
4. `$ vendor/davedevelopment/phpmig/bin/phpmig migrate`
5. `$ php -S 0.0.0.0:8888 -t public public/index.php`
6. Browse to http://localhost:8888

## Key directories

* `app`: Application code
* `app/src`: All class files within the `App` namespace
* `app/templates`: Twig template files
* `cache/twig`: Twig's Autocreated cache files
* `log`: Log files
* `public`: Webserver root
* `vendor`: Composer dependencies

## Key files

* `public/index.php`: Entry point to application
* `app/settings.php`: Configuration
* `app/dependencies.php`: Services for Pimple
* `app/middleware.php`: Application middleware
* `app/routes.php`: All application routes are here
* `app/src/Action/HomeAction.php`: Action class for the home page
* `app/templates/home.twig`: Twig template file for the home page

## CLI Tools
* Currently there are 3 supported commands:
* `php cli.php create:action MyActionClassName`
* `php cli.php create:middleware MyMiddlewareClassName`
* `php cli.php create:model MyModelClassName`
* `php cli.php create:scaffold MyModuleName`


## Migration
* Migrate all data
* php cli.php migrate

* Confirmation of status
* php cli.php status

* Creating // migration file
* php cli.php generate [MigrationName]

* //Execution of migration
* php cli.php migration

* // I one Back
* php cli.php rollback

* // Return all
* php cli.php rollback -t 0

* // Go back to the time of completion of the specified MigrationID
* php cli.php rollback -t [MigrationID]

* // Only specified MigrationID the migration / roll back
* php cli.php [up | down] [MigrationID]

### Demo User:

1. `admin` username: `admin@slim.dev` password: `password` 
2. `moderator` username: `moderator@slim.dev` password: `password` 
3. `user` username: `user@slim.dev` password: `password`

Commit message:

Modify steps on DB initialization
The original migrate script seems to have errors. Manual DB initialization step is provided.

README.md, after:

# Slim 3 Skeleton

This project is based on mrcoco/slim3-eloquent-skeleton which is forked from akrabat/slim3-skeleton that includes scaffold tool, migrations, auth, Twig, Flash messages, eloquent ORM and Monolog.

## Installation

1. `$ git clone https://github.com/tfoarulz/slim3-eloquent-skeleton my-app`
2. `$ cd my-app`
3. `$ cp app/settings.php.dist app/settings'
4. Change database setting in `app/settings.php`
5. `$ vendor/davedevelopment/phpmig/bin/phpmig migrate`

If you get warnings during the about step. It means the DB migration is not successful, you may need to clear the database and do the DB initialization manually with this command `$ mysql -u DBUSER -p DBNAME < data/init_data.sql` (replace _DBUSER_ and _DBNAME_ with your choice).

6. `$ php -S 0.0.0.0:8888 -t public public/index.php`
7. Browse to http://localhost:8888

## Key directories

* `app`: Application code
* `app/src`: All class files within the `App` namespace
* `app/templates`: Twig template files
* `cache/twig`: Twig's Autocreated cache files
* `log`: Log files
* `public`: Webserver root
* `vendor`: Composer dependencies

## Key files

* `public/index.php`: Entry point to application
* `app/settings.php`: Configuration
* `app/dependencies.php`: Services for Pimple
* `app/middleware.php`: Application middleware
* `app/routes.php`: All application routes are here
* `app/src/Action/HomeAction.php`: Action class for the home page
* `app/templates/home.twig`: Twig template file for the home page

## CLI Tools
* Currently there are 3 supported commands:
* `php cli.php create:action MyActionClassName`
* `php cli.php create:middleware MyMiddlewareClassName`
* `php cli.php create:model MyModelClassName`
* `php cli.php create:scaffold MyModuleName`


## Migration
* Migrate all data
* php cli.php migrate

* Confirmation of status
* php cli.php status

* Creating // migration file
* php cli.php generate [MigrationName]

* //Execution of migration
* php cli.php migration

* // I one Back
* php cli.php rollback

* // Return all
* php cli.php rollback -t 0

* // Go back to the time of completion of the specified MigrationID
* php cli.php rollback -t [MigrationID]

* // Only specified MigrationID the migration / roll back
* php cli.php [up | down] [MigrationID]

### Demo User:

1. `admin` username: `admin@slim.dev` password: `password` 
2. `moderator` username: `moderator@slim.dev` password: `password` 
3. `user` username: `user@slim.dev` password: `password`
